recently I did a speed run of Pajama Sam
using an artificial intelligence and it
went awesome let's check if there's
something significant about the mailbox
perhaps there are letters from high
demon elgrim what the [__] is high demon
algorithm let's give the crab secret a
try what is the crab secret let's shove
a human scale made out of strong pizza
or giant chocolate cake over the door
none of those are options in this game
I'm gonna go
The Pajama Sam speedrun if you go
through the list 43 second world record
58 seconds one minute 15 seconds one and
a half minutes one minute 45 SEC two
minutes we're getting down to top 88
here three minutes five minutes seven
hours eleven minutes and then I wrote I
beat the game by having Jazzy BC make
every single decision so it's a little
slower than normal congratulations